DONNA KOENIGSAECKER HOYLE
Charlotte Metro
Summary
Experienced Manager, Team Lead and Software Support with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software and FinTech industry. Skilled in Technical Support, Document Management, Active
Directory, Management, and Software Documentation. Experienced in Salesforce/CRM administration.

Experience
  Technical Billing Analyst Beacon Hill Staffing Group
Sep 2020 - Present (7 months +)
Researching functionality inquiries, researching enhancement requests and providing support for billing system releases and upgrades.
Analyzed systems for ongoing performance improvements at user and system levels. With direction, maintain and perform updates to parameters on the billing platform (production, training and test). Maintain and perform updates and configuration as required to support external applications.
  Customer Success Advocate
TrueLearn
Feb 2020 - Jul 2020 (6 months)
Resolve technical issues for customers, Communicate and troubleshoot with customers to solve problems through email and phone
  Information Technology Support Manager
Nov 2018 - Dec 2019 (1 year 2 months)
Lime Energy
Managed multiple geographically distributed support technicians who work in a help desk environment using tickets and incoming phone calls.
Defined an education and career path for the support technicians giving them opportunity to up-skill.
  Senior Client Services Manager AvidXchange, Inc.
Apr 2017 - May 2018 (1 year 2 months)
Assisting in managing 42+ Customer Care representatives. Including assisting in HR involved issues. Managing a remote team, located in Houston TX (current team of 4) Handling internal escalations, and assisting with external (customer facing) escalations as needed. All external customer messaging in relations to system issues/ maintenance
  Technical Support Manager AvidXchange, Inc.
Jan 2015 - Apr 2017 (2 years 4 months)
Managed 30+ Client Services/Technical support Representatives in everyday case management. Keeping a consistent 80+ NPS rate.
  Technical Support Specialist AvidXchange, Inc.
Aug 2014 - Feb 2015 (7 months)
Assist with SAAS based software technical issues. Handled an average of 17-20 cases per day. Helped build and design current Salesforce setup and process/survey and reporting tools.
  Technical Support Specialist ACOM Solutions, Inc.
May 2011 - Apr 2014 (3 years)
Investigate and resolve client inquiries by collecting descriptive information via phone and/or email. Perform software related problem definition, data gathering, prioritization, analysis, re-creation for resolution. QA of new releases of software.
Education
  Northeast State Community College
No Degree, Computer Science
Skills
customer relations   •   help desk support   •   management   •   messaging   •   Salesforce.com Administration   •   IBM iSeries   •   Technical Support   •   Information Technology
